New rule for complex expression (#680)
cqfn/diKTat: info/guide/guide-chapter-3.md

```kotlin
if (condition) list.map { foo(it) }.filter { bar(it) } else list.drop(1)
```  

> **Note:** If dot qualified expression is inside condition or passed as an argument - replace with new vatiable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If dot qualified expression is inside condition or passed as an argument - replace with new variable
```

> **Note:** If dot qualified expression is inside condition or passed as an argument - replace with new variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If dot qualified expression is inside condition or passed as an argument - it should be replaced with new variable.
```

**Invalid example**: 
```kotlin

>      if (node.text.length.dec() != 0) {}

Reviewer: This is a strange example, why would you call `dec` here?

```
 
**Valid example**: 
```kotlin

>         val nodeLen = node.text.length.dec()

Reviewer: This is not a very good variable name to be used in an example :) It's not node length, it's node's *text* length minus one. Please either find a more straightforward example or rename the variable to be more self-descriptive.
